@blueirisuri = http://blueiris.johnhinz.com:81

# Get snapshot
GET {{blueirisuri}}/image/West?q=70&s=50


################
GET {{blueirisuri}}/mjpg/West/video.mjpg

# WHAT
####

GET http://192.168.0.95:81/admin?camera=West&snapshot 



/image/{cam-short-name}?q=50&s=80 A single JPEG image from a specific camera or group, with optional quality (q) and scale (s) parameters. Quality is a percentage from 1-100, and scale may be any number >0.
/image/{cam-short-name}?h=100 You may also specify a specific height (h) or width (w) instead of scale.
/mjpg/{cam-short-name}/video.mjpg An M-JPEG stream. This stream is compatible with Blue Iris's "MJPEG stream request."
/file/clips/{filename}&mode=jpeg&speed=100 An M-JPEG stream of a clip from your New clips folder. You may include additional subdirectory names in the filename. The speed parameter is optional, a percentage of normal playback speed.
/thumbs/{filename} A thumbnail image from a specific file in the New clips folder.
/alerts/{filename} A JPEG image from the Alerts folder.
/admin?profile=x&lock=y Set the active profile to x. Use x=-1 to toggle the lock status, or set the lock=y, 0=run, 1=temp, 2=hold
/admin?schedule=1 or 0 or schedule name x=0 or 1 to disable/enable Options/Schedule, or a name to set the current schedule
/admin?signal=x Changes the traffic signal state and returns the current state. x=0 for red, x=1 for green, x=2 for yellow. This requires admin authentication.
/admin?output=x&msec=y or &force=true Temporarily change the active profile to x. Use x=-1 to toggle the lock status.
/admin?input=x Set DIO output x=0-7 on for y msec, or force on indefinitely
/admin?macro=x&text={text} Set macro number x=1-9 to value {text}
/admin?console={group name} Select the specified group for display on the console, "index" is All cameras.
/admin?camera=x&trigger Trigger camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&manrec=1 or 0 Start or stop manual recording on camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&snapshot Snapshot on camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&reset Reset camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&ptzcycle=1 or 0 Trigger camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&pause=x Send pause command to camera x (short name), x=-2 to 10 matching right-click Pause menu
/admin?camera=x&enable=1 or 0 Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&motion=1 or 0 Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&hide=1 or 0 Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&mdelay=x Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&webcast=1 or 0 Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&preset=x Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&schedule=1 or 0 Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&profile=x Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/admin?camera=x&alerts=x Enable or disable camera x (short name)
/audio/{cam-short-name}/temp.wav Pull a raw audio stream (MIME type audio/x-wav).
/cam/{cam-short-name}/pos=x Performs a PTZ command on the specified camera, where x= 0=left, 1=right, 2=up, 3=down, 4=home, 5=zoom in, 6=zoom out
/cam/{cam-short-name}/pos=100 Causes a snapshot image to be captured from the specified camera.
/h264/{cam-short-name}/temp.h264 Pull a raw H.264 stream (MIME type video/H264). This stream will play in a tool like VLC, and may be used in future versions of the ActiveX control.
/h264/{cam-short-name}/temp.ts Pull an MPEG-2 transport stream (MIME type video/MP2T).
/h264/{cam-short-name}/temp.m or .m3u8 Pull a virtual M3U8 file (MIME type application/vnd.apple.mpegurl). This will play in QuickTime, iPad and the iPhone using the Apple HLS (HTTP Live Streaming) format.